PROJECT MANAGER

gEDA Suite Project Manager is a start point for everything what you may want to
do. It is used to organize your files and easy running tools. It simplifies your
job.

There is a menu at the top of the window. Main area of Project Manager window is
divided into three parts:

* Project Browser - there are your files enumerated here. In a Modules view you 
can see project hierarchy, in a Files view - files sorted in disk folders.

* Workspace - there are your files opened here. Listing of opened files is shown 
under Window menu.

* Status Area - effects of your actions will be shown here.

gEDA Suite is strongly project oriented. It means that you cannot work with files 
without creating a project. To force it, workspace and status area are inactive 
when no project is loaded.

If you have a project saved on the disk, choose Project -> Open. A new dialog 
window - File Selection -will be opened. Choose a directory where project files 
is stored, click or type a name of the project file, then press Ok. 

To create a new project choose Project -> New from the menu. A new dialog window 
- File Selection -will be opened. Choose a desired directory where project files 
should be stored, a name of the new project file, then press Ok. The name has to 
be ended with .prj. The new project should be created.

Now the project is opened, its name is displayed in a title bar and menus are 
activated. You can add, remove, open, etc. files. 

Some of those actions can modify your project, then an asteriks * will be added 
to the project name on the title bar. It informs you that you have to save the 
project choosing Project -> Save from the menu. If you try to close the project 
or exit Project Manager without saving, a warning will be displayed.

After completing your job please close the project choosing Project -> Close
from the menu.

If a project is opened, you can add files to the project and work with them. 
Only files of registered types can be added. For any of them a set of possible 
actions is defined. There are also some file types generated and imported 
automatically after running actions. They cannot be added manually to the 
project. 

All registered files types are listed below:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FILE TYPE   EXT.    ACTIONS                          IMPORT  CREATION

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Text        *.txt   Open                                     File -> New

Schematic   *.sch   Open                                     File -> New
                    Create PCB layout                *.pcb
                    Create SPICE netlist             *.cir
                    Create Verilog source            *.v
                    Create VHDL source               *.vhd
                    Design rule checking (DRC)       *.drc
                    Create bill of materials (BOM)   *.bom

PCB layout  *.pcb   Open                                     File -> New or 
                                                             generated from 
															 schematic
															
SPICE       *.cir   Open                                     File -> New or
netlist             Simulate                         *.gw    generated from 
                                                             schematic
															 
Verilog     *.v     Open                                     File -> New or
source              Simulate                         *.vcd   generated from 
					Synthesize                       *.xnf   schematic
 
VHDL source *.vhd   Open                                     Generated from  
                                                             schematic
															 
Gerber file *.grb   Open                                     Generated in PCB

Analog      *.gw    Open                                     Generated from  
waveform                                                     SPICE netlist.

Digital     *.vcd   Open                                     Generated from  
waveform                                                     Verilog source

DRC report  *.drc   Open                                     Generated from  
                                                             schematic
															 
BOM report  *.bom   Open                                     Generated from  
                                                             schematic
															 
Xilinx XNF  *.xnf                                            Generated from  
                                                             Verilog source

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To add a new file to the project choose File -> New, then select a type of added 
file. To add an existing file choose File -> Import. In both cases a new dialog 
- File Selection - will be opened. Go to desired directory, then click or type 
a name of the file, then press Ok. Remeber that the file has to have its 
extension as mentioned in the table above!

To remove a file from the project, click its name in Project Browser and choose 
File -> Unlink from the menu. The file will stay on the disk. To completely 
delete the file, choose File -> Delete. In both cases a warning will be 
displayed.

Files selected in Project Browser can be opened, edited and used for other 
actions. Majority of files are ASCII ones. They can be edited as a text in 
builtin text editor. To edit a file choose File -> Edit from the menu. 

To open a file select it in Project Browser, then choose Action -> Open form 
the menu. You can double click the file in Project Browser as well.

Files can be opened in internal or external tools. If an internal one is used 
- the file will be displayed as a new window in the Workspace. If external one 
is used - a new tool will be runned. All opened files are listed in Window menu. 
You can switch between internally opened windows choosing its name in the Window 
menu.

To close an internally opened file - choose it from the Window menu, then choose 
File -> Close. If the file is modified and not saved, a warning will be 
displayed.

Files opened and modified should be saved with File -> Save. A file currently 
opened in the workspace will be saved.
